Add long explanation for E0212 (#79639)
rust-lang/rust: compiler/rustc_error_codes/src/error_codes/E0212.md

> An associated type cannot be extracted from

Reviewer: I find this description confusing, I had to read the code to see what it meant. I know you took it from the error itself, but could we simplify somehow? Maybe "cannot use the associated type of a trait with uninferred generic parameters"? Ideally you'd also update the error itself, not just the long explanation.

Author: I agree and `"cannot use the associated type of a trait with uninferred generic parameters"` seems good. I'll try to update the error itself and update the PR description.

a higher-ranked trait bound in the context.

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0212
pub trait Foo<T> {
    type A;

    fn get(&self, t: T) -> Self::A;
}

fn foo2<I : for<'x> Foo<&'x isize>>(
    field: I::A) {} // error!

> struct SomeStruct<I: for<'x> Foo<&'x isize>> {

Reviewer: Maybe only have one example? These all look basically the same and I think it's more important to be concise than exhaustive here. I don't feel strongly about that though.

Author: I took these example from corresponding test cases. I agree with you that the important point is conciseness rather than exhaustiveness. Also, I want to know what other reviewers think about this.

    x: I::A // error!
}

trait SomeTrait<I : for<'x> Foo<&'x isize>> {
    fn some_method(&self, arg: I::A); // error!
}
```

In this example, we have to instantiate `'x`, and

> we don't know what region to instantiate it with.
> To fix this, spell out the precise regions involved.

Reviewer: I'm not sure exactly the difference between 'region' and 'lifetime', which means it will be even less clear to anyone reading the error for the first time.
```suggestion
we don't know what lifetime to instantiate it with.
To fix this, spell out the precise lifetimes involved.
```

Author: Me too. According to the [appendix/glossary](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/appendix/glossary.html), it seems simply mean lifetime.

Author: I applied suggestion. Would it be better to rebase this commit or be left it as it is?
